"Sri Vasavi Engineering College" considered one of the best engineering colleges in Tadepalligudem in Andhra Pradesh,11:55 AM 27-10-2023, started its journey in the year 2001. Since its inception, the college has been striving to provide quality technical education to its students and making them industry ready. Sri Vasavi Engineering College exemplifies quality in various fields ranging from Engineering, Pharmacy to Business Administration courses and is rated as one among the top 10 engineering colleges in Andhra Pradesh.
     Highly qualified staff always contributes to the knowledge levels of students and facilitate their placement in top most MNC's every year. NBA & NAAC accreditations bear testimony to top notch facilities available in the campus.SVEC became an autonomous engineering college in 2018 and is fine tuning its course curricula to suit the ever growing industry needs.
Our Vision : To be a premier technological institute striving for excellence with global perspective and commitment to the Nation.
Our Mission:	
To produce Engineering graduates of professional quality and global perspective through Learner Centric
Education.
To establish linkages with government, industry and Research laboratories to promote R&D activities and
to disseminate innovations.
To create an eco-system in the institute that leads to holistic development and ability for life-long learning.

Departments of btech are: CSE,CST,CAI,AIM,CIVIL,ECE,EEE,ECT,MECH,BSH.

About SVEC:  "Sri Vasavi Engineering College", considered one of the best engineering colleges in Andhra Pradesh, started its journey in the year 2001. Since its inception, the college has been striving to provide quality technical education to its students and making them industry ready. Sri Vasavi Engineering College exemplifies quality in various fields ranging from Engineering, Pharmacy to Business Administration courses and is rated as one among the top 10 engineering colleges in Andhra Pradesh. The world class laboratories, the mammoth library which radiates knowledge, audio visual classrooms with plug and play ambience, state-of-the art sports complex, Indoor stadium, seminar halls, auditorium, lawns and gardens and parking facilities make Sri Vasavi stand out among the multitude of engineering colleges in the state today.Highly qualified Faculty always contributes to the knowledge levels of students and facilitate their placement in top most MNCs every year. NBA & NAAC accreditations bear testimony to top notch facilities available in the campus.SVEC became an autonomous engineering college in 2018 and is fine tuning its course curricula to suit the ever growing industry needs.SVEC started new engineering courses CST and ECT which are highly prospective in the present job scenario besides offering the best engineering courses like ECE, CSE, EEE, Mechanical and Civil. The college has an MBA wing which always strives to transform students into entrepreneurs.The MBA wing functions like one of the best MBA colleges in A.P by infusing the students with requisite business skills. The placements division always strives hard to entice prime global and Multi-national companies to visit the SVEC campus for conducting placement drives. The NSS unit helps students to inculcate discipline and civic sense among themselves to make them responsible citizens of this nation.Research and Development activities in the college represent a large and rapidly growing effort put forth by the stakeholders which creates new and improved technology that surely gives an edge over. The Eco-Friendly projects undertaken by the college started producing results in the form of awards and accolades.The RTA approved pollution checkup center, Power generation using solar panels, Battery Vehicles designed by students, Technical exhibitions and trade shows will surely give students a practical exposure in the campus itself.

our president is Sri Grandhi Satyanarayana 
our secretary & correspondent is Sri Chalamcharla VV.Subha Rao

Computer Science and Engineering(CSE): Dr. D. Jaya Kumari,Professor & Head of the Department
Computer Science and Technology(CST): Dr. D. Jaya Kumari,Professor & Head of the Department
Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning(AIM):Dr. G. Loshma,Professor & Head of the Department
CSE(Artificial Intelligence)(CAI):Dr. G. Loshma,Professor & Head of the Department

facilites provided are ibrary,Physical Education,Transport,Health care,Hostel



SVEC PLACEMENTS 2023
COMPANY NAMES:	
	RVM CONSTRUCTIONS INDIA PVT LTD	,TVS UPASANA,PENNANT TECHNOLOGIES,CADDYCODE,TESSOLVE,MAGNAQUEST	,VAYA GROUP,OPSRAMP,GROWCONTROL,SNOVASYS,PROTOTECH SOLUTIONS,MIRACLE SOFTWARE SYSTEM	,EFFTRONICS SYSTEMS PVT. LTD,ZEN TECHNOLOGIES,CGI,VIRTUSA,TECH MAHINDRA,SYNTEL,MPHASIS,TCS,WIPRO,L &T TECHNOLOGY SERVICES,INFOSYS,COGNIZANT
    For more information on admissions please contact

Ch. Narayana Rao,

Incharge Admissions

Contact No.: 08818-284355 (Extn. 305)

Fax No.: +91-8818-284322

Mobile : 9440072234

e-mail : narencherukuri@gmail.com.